[Saki] The first time
I met her, I knew instantly...
This woman must've been
Kuro's first love.
[gasp]
[Rikka]
She seems nice, Kuro.
This is my girlfriend
Saki Yumihara.
We go to the same college.
It's nice to meet you!
Well, I'm heading to
the café downstairs.
Huh?
I think I'm in the way here.
I just wanted a chance
to say hello.
So you can take
your time, okay?
Excuse me.
She's important to Kuro...
But she felt "off"...
Like she was somehow...
silently corrupting
those around her.
That's how she seemed.
[woman] I hear
Miss Sakuragawa was taken
to the operating room
again yesterday.
[woman 2] Really?
She tried suicide again?
Even if it was another attempt
to take her own life,
she's not dead.
But I'd say it's doubtful
she has very long to live.
She was tying you down,
and you couldn't see it.
But if going out with Iwanaga
will help you break free
of that...
I think it's a good thing,
despite conflicted feelings.
Look, Saki,
I do love Rikka, of course.
And I might be tied down...
But sometimes, I also wish
she wasn't around.
What are you saying?
I...thought Rikka
had passed away?
Rikka hasn't passed away, no...
That simply isn't possible.
After all,
Rikka is my flesh and blood.
[shock]
Don't tell me
she's also like Kuro...
[opening music]
I screwed up...
I can't believe
I messed up so bad.
How could I be dumb enough
to create time
for Kuro and Saki to be
alone together?!
What in the world happened?
Why are things so awkward
between them now?!
Iwanaga.
Huh?
Here, in case you need
to refuel.
It's about time for
Steel Lady Nanase to
make her appearance.
If I'm here, the ayakashi
that come to tell you
about Steel Lady Nanase
might get scared away.
Saki, I'll be waiting
over here by the exit.
All right. Then I guess
I'll be waiting for news
in the car with Iwanaga.
Someone Saki was friends
with has been murdered,
and now she and Kuro,
who's such a nice guy...
They are a man and woman
who planned to get married
at one point.
I was fast asleep
in the hotel
for about
an hour and a half.
Ninety minutes.
You could do a lot
in ninety minutes...
And I mean a lot! Especially
when they're young...
[shriek]
[Saki] Iwanaga.
Have you ever met Rikka,
by chance?
Oh yeah, I've met her...
The hospital where Rikka
was admitted
was also where
I was staying for a time.
I see. So you know
that she also ate
the flesh of a kudan
and a mermaid.
Kuro mentioned that
Rikka's condition was something
he never wanted Saki to
have to worry about...
Is she trying to get me
to spill something?
Oh, very well.
Yes, that I know,
because Rikka is also
terrifying to the monsters.
Though neither she nor Kuro
have told me the details...
she was apparently
hospitalized long-term
so that her body and abilities
could be thoroughly examined.
That's what it was?
And how is she lately?
Rikka had been living
in my mansion
up until about a month ago.
Huh?
She was discharged
rather suddenly
at the beginning of the year.
But why would she go
to your house?
As his girlfriend,
I'd have to be out of my mind
to let Rikka and Kuro
live together.
A new director was appointed,
and Rikka was soon discharged.
The political climate of
the new administration
did not work in her favor.
After all, the hospital really
didn't know what to do with her
in the long run...
I'm sure there were many there
who were happy to see her go.
For whatever reason,
perhaps because of
that general sense of relief
from her leaving,
there were rumors that Rikka
didn't have long to live.
[director] So what do you say?
Exciting, huh?
How do you feel about
leaving the hospital?
[doctor] Do you think it's wise
to say it that way?
What if she resists?
Then I'm afraid we'll be
left without a choice.
[Rikka] All right.
I understand.
I'd like to thank you
for all you've done.
I still need to get
my things together,
so could you call
my cousin Kuro?
Rikka.
Hmm?
Given the suddenness
of your discharge,
have you found a place
to stay yet?
Not as of yet.
What?
Do you think I could stay
at your place for a while?
[gasp]
No, you can't!
My place is really small!
So, no?
Hmm.
What if I promised
to do housework?
W-What?
Welcome home, Kuro.
Your bath is ready, Kuro.
Goodnight. Sweet dreams.
What's wrong?
Did I say something strange?
No! But, it's just...
I only have the one bed...
Well yeah,
you live on your own.
Right! Which is why...
I've got it! I'll talk
to Iwanaga about it.
Iwanaga's folks know
a lot of people,
so they might be able
to come up with something.
You don't have to go
through all that.
If I can't stay with you,
I could always sleep
in a park...
Hey, Iwanaga?
There's something
I wanted to run by you.
Oh, Kuro! What's up?
It's unusual for you to
turn to me for help.
- You see--
-H old on.
Hmm...
I'll need to charge
a consultation fee.
The Goddess of Wisdom is
charging for consultations?
Indeed. But depending
upon the client,
I'd much prefer favors
or offerings over cash.
Don't worry,
I won't ask for much.
But what if the discussion
were to involve you, as well?
Tell me,
where are you right now?
The special lecture,
the one you wanted to attend
at the university?
It's happening right now.
Yet you've chosen
to call me instead,
and ask me for
a favor of some kind.
- This is no ordinary matter.
-Huh?
-And that very familiar
- The time is now 5:00 PM.
-recording I hear
- Please be aware that
-over the phone tells me you're
- visitations will conclude
-at the hospital right now.
- in an hour.
Which means that whatever
you're about to ask me
has to do with Rikka.
All the more reason
I should be allowed
to be a bit forceful
about this.
But don't you worry, Kuro.
I wouldn't ask for anything
too difficult.
What're your conditions?
You'll let me have
the spare key
to your apartment.
Don't be stupid.
What's so stupid about
your girlfriend asking
for the spare key
to your apartment?!
It's not like I'm planning
to do anything unacceptable.
Wouldn't it be lovely
to have your girlfriend
do your housework and
welcome you home each day?
[gasp]
What?
Welcome back home, Kuro!
I didn't cut corners
preparing your meals
or your bed!
Bathe together,
bathe together.
Co-sleep! Co-sleep!
Kuro! I found
a nice place to stay.
Huh?!
This place here.
Okay, fine.
I'll give you my key,
so just help me out.
This makes me so happy.
After so much waiting,
I'm finally
your common-law wife!
Yeah, no.
[Kotoko] And so, I went
to the hospital
to pick them up immediately,
and Rikka left the only home
she'd known for years.
So, anyway...
We had plenty of
vacant rooms available,
so we welcomed her
into our home.
And since she was
a mysterious patient
who had been in the hospital
for half a decade...
once she left, rumors spread
that she had passed away.
And those rumors were
somehow able
to make their way to me?
In reality,
she was doing rather well.
Not only is Rikka
quite beautiful,
but she's also well-mannered,
so my aunt welcomed her
with open arms.
So what, you mean Rikka
didn't hate you?
Why do you just have to assume
that Rikka hated me?
[irritated]
I first met Rikka when she was
still in the hospital...
Kuro, I don't think
she's a good match for you.
I agree!
That's cringe worthy.
I know.
It was a personal low-point.
The best part was when
Rikka scrambled
to remedy the situation.
I mean, she's not good
for you,
but she might not be
the worst for you, either.
You actually made Rikka
feel bad about something?
Oh yeah, you bet I did.
After that, we made up,
and occasionally went out,
just the two of us.
We even threw birthday parties
for each other...
with cake, of course!
You and Rikka?!
Happy birthday!
Thank you!
Hooray!
Well then, what is Rikka
up to now?
You said she was at your place
until a month ago, right?
We're not sure where she is.
Huh?
A month ago,
she told my parents
that she had finally found
a job and a new place to stay,
and she left immediately
thereafter.
We couldn't contact her
on her cell,
and the new address
and workplace
she'd given us were fake.
And what did Kuro do after
he heard about it?
Kuro went berserk
and pushed me down,
onto the bed...
and used my young body
to vent his frustrations...
Answer seriously.
[giggle]
Nothing, at first.
He just said that Rikka
probably had something
very different in mind.
But two weeks later,
he started trying to get
a hold of her repeatedly,
then he sent me a single
message before disappearing.
So tell me, Saki,
what's bothering you?
What did you and Kuro
talk about at the hotel
while I was still sleeping?
It didn't take you long
to realize
that Rikka was behind
Steel Lady Nanase.
Kuro didn't come
to Makurazaka City
because you called for him.
He was here looking
for Rikka.
[Kotoko] Something must've
gotten Kuro and Saki
talking about Rikka.
Well, not like I really care
if she found out about it.
But that must mean nothing
happened between them.
Guess I can relax.
Why did you keep that
information from me?
Because I still don't have
any proof.
Even when she was staying over
at my place,
Rikka would mess with
the computer a lot,
but I never actually looked
at what she was doing.
I never would've assumed that
she was keeping herself busy
by creating a wiki page and
bringing Steel Lady Nanase
to life.
And I didn't really know
about Steel Lady Nanase
until the monsters came
to talk to me about her.
I only came to the realization
that Rikka was involved
when I was doing
some research and
saw the picture on
the wiki page.
Wait, you mean the picture
on the main page?
Yes, precisely.
That image was painted in
the same style that Rikka uses.
[Kotoko] I'd say it was about
a year ago...
She suddenly became
very serious about painting.
Looking back on it now,
I believe Rikka
fully intended to create
a monster of the imagination
even back then.
In order to consolidate
hundreds of thousands
of fantasies,
and give them a shared vision
of a monster,
name and shape are key.
The most effective way
to do so would be
to illustrate the story.
Once its visualized,
everyone would have
the same specific image
in mind.
I'm sure Karin Nanase's
accident gave her
the perfect material
to work with.
Karin was an idol
in the public eye.
She was involved
in a dark scandal
and died a very dramatic death.
Add a ghost to the mix and
it has ample opportunity
to evolve into a yokai
or an urban legend.
There might've already
been rumors
of the ghost of Karin Nanase
appearing in the city
she died in...
But the one who
amplified them and
gave them a unified vision,
was Rikka.
I'm assuming the one
who gave her the name
"Steel Lady Nanase" and
made up the accompanying
stories was also Rikka.
Kuro came to
this realization as well.
While he was trying
to track Rikka down,
he heard rumors
about Steel Lady Nanase
and sensed something.
After seeing the picture
on Steel Lady Nanase's wiki,
he knew for sure,
and came here.
Saki, you're someone who
decided to live your entire life
seeing only the real world.
Knowing what lies
in the shadows,
what will you do now?
Kuro probably didn't tell you
because he didn't want
to get you any further involved
in this mess
than you already were.
[Saki] I see.
That's because Rikka,
was pulling the strings,
with the same kudan ability
that Kuro uses...
Thus allowing Steel Lady Nanase
to mature more quickly.
Most likely.
Rikka may have died
over and over again
to find the future
where the internet
wouldn't stop talking
about the Steel Lady,
and then Rikka resurrected.
But why would she do that?
What good comes out of
creating a monster
that kills indiscriminately?
Rikka has the power
to determine the future,
but it's not as impressive
as it sounds.
Kuro always says
the same thing.
He can only choose futures
that are available,
and within the scope of his own
talents, potential, and effort.
Which means he's not all that
different from a normal person.
But she successfully
created a monster.
She's probably testing
her limits,
trying to find out
just how far she can go
with her ability
to decide the future.
She stacks
possibility upon possibility
and chosen future
on chosen future.
If you take a phenomenon that
has a fifty-fifty chance,
and make it happen
ten times in a row...
you get something that has
a probability of 1 in 1,024.
You can toss a coin and
have it come up heads
10,000 times in a row.
Normally, the Steel Lady
would have little chance
of coming to life,
but she's one of
those possible variations.
It's not like you can
get anywhere
by creating a monster.
[goblin cat] My lady.
That infernal Steel Lady
has appeared.
Please do allow me
to guide you there.
It's just a little goblin cat.
There's no reason
to be afraid.
It's time to go, Saki.
So weird...
We'll have to put Rikka's goals
aside for now and
concentrate on defeating
Steel Lady Nanase.
[Kotoko] Whatever Rikka's goal
may be,
it doesn't change anything.
[Kotoko]
This world is not uncertain.
It may be full of yokai,
monsters, spectres, and demons,
but there is a reason
that can't be overturned.
And it's my sacred duty
to protect that.
[Rikka] Tonight...
Definitely. It's time.
I need to have more.
[harp music]
[grunt]
[blood splattering]
[ominous guitar strummng]
[tense music]
[gasps]
I'm counting on you.
Best of luck.
Yeah, thanks. You too.
[Saki] We won't be bothered
by anyone here,
and Kuro should be
able to fight
Steel Lady Nanase all night.
Just because he has
the power to come back to life,
doesn't mean I want
to watch my boyfriend
get killed over and over again.
I've just connected to
the wiki page.
All the posts that had
settled down for a while
are starting to
pick up again.
After what happened
to the detective,
I'm sure people want
more information
and to provide
their own theories.
But if the person managing
the site is Rikka,
couldn't she simply censor
what you post,
or even delete it outright?
I really don't think
that she'd do that.
If she censors or
deletes any posts
concerning doubts
about the story,
that'll give the impression
that the admin
has some kind of problem
with those sorts of statements.
[Kotoko] Which would force
many users to believe
that these posts are
being censored
because the ghost
doesn't actually exist.
That would be disadvantageous
for someone who is trying
to make Steel Lady Nanase
manifest into our reality.
So she has no choice
but to leave all the posts
on the wiki page alone.
Fair enough.
At the hotel,
you'd mentioned that you
came up with four solutions.
But doesn't it all
come down to numbers?
Sometimes, that's all you need
for lies to break
through the truth
and create
a new reality altogether.
The discussion
we're about to start on
the Steel Lady Nanase
wiki page...
might resemble
a committee to discuss
a proposed bill in
a parliament,
a company's board of directors,
or a foundation's
board of trustees.
The matter being raised
for discussion is
if the ghost named
Steel Lady Nanase
truly exists or doesn't.
Rikka's work has already
gained majority support,
and she has enough data
and a well-grounded argument
to support
her creation's existence.
So will I be able to overturn
the majority opinion
and win the vote?
This is where my true skills
start to really shine.
If she's already won over
most opinions,
won't it be nearly impossible
to reverse?
Yes.
If this was a normal parliament
or board of directors,
those with voting rights
would have banded together,
forming alliances.
And there are too many risks in
declaring the opposite opinion
at the eleventh hour.
Instead, the ones who have
the voting rights
in this committee
are the people viewing
the site.
Tens of thousands of people
who have almost no relation
to each other.
Their opinions are everything.
[Saki] Irresponsible judges who
have no idea they're involved.
That's scary
in and of itself.
Certainly.
But if you look at it
another way,
this assembly bears
no responsibility.
Nothing will hold them back.
Not the law, or justice,
or even the truth itself.
Even if the solution arrived at
is unjust or simply untrue...
we win, as long as the majority
of the ten-thousand-plus
site viewers support it.
If we present a plausible story
that fits with enough
of the facts,
and is interesting enough...
the masses will irresponsibly
support it,
and vote for our side.
Which means,
with this committee,
anything goes!
We can obscure and
hide the real data
make claims that
black is white,
as well as present several
contradictory answers.
So that at a glance,
the argument can seem
totally reasonable,
as well as
rather entertaining...
Then we can transform
fiction into fact.
We can actually get away
with that here.
I will stop at nothing
to win this battle.
And I will pour everything
I have into these lies.
The committee to conquer
Steel Lady Nanase
is now in session!
[metal banging]
[Kuro grunts]
[ending music]
Does Steel Lady Nanase
actually exist?
Or is she nothing more
than an urban legend
that someone made up?
A battle of truth and lies
is about to begin
over her very existence.
Next time,
"The Committee to Conquer
Steel Lady Nanase."